but you don't you don't believe in
evolution nah not really you don't
believe in evolution I don't know it's
just you know monkeys Darwin you know
it's a nice story I just think it's a
little too easy too easy too
the process of every living thing on
this planet evolving over millions of
years from single-celled organisms is
too easy yeah I just don't buy it
evolution is not for you to buy Phoebe
evolution is scientific fact like like
like the air we breathe like gravity oh
okay don't get me started on gravity
you uh you don't believe in gravity well
it's not so much that you know like I
don't believe in it you know it's just I
don't know lately I get the feeling that
I'm not so much being pulled down as I
am being pushed how can you not believe
in evolution oh just don't look at this
funky shirt
I've studied evolution my entire adult
life okay and I can tell you we have
collected fossils from all over the
world that actually show the evolution
of different species okay I mean you can
you can literally see them evolving
through time really you can actually see
it you bet in in the US China Africa all
over see I didn't know that huh so now
the real question is who put those
fossils there and why okay Pheebs
see how I'm making these little toys
move opposable thumb
without evolution how do you explain
opposable thumbs
maybe the overlords needed them to steer
their spacecrafts please show me you're
joking
look can't we just say that you believe
in something and I don't know no no
Pheebs we can't
what is this obsessive need you have to
make everybody agree with you
now what's that all about you know what
I think I think maybe it's time you put
Ross under the microscope oh it's scary
scientist man okay Phoebe this is it
in this briefcase I carry actual
scientific facts a briefcase of facts if
you will some of these fossils are over
200 million years old okay look before
you even start I'm not denying evolution
okay I'm just saying that it's one of
the possibility it's the only
possibility Phoebe could you just open
your mind like this much okay
now wasn't there a time when the
brightest minds in the world believed
that the earth was flat and up until
like what fifty years ago you all
thought the atom was the smallest thing
until you split it open and this like
whole mess of crap came out now are you
telling me that you are so unbelievably
arrogant that you can't admit that
there's a teeny tiny possibility that
you could be wrong about this
there might be a teeny tiny possibility
can't believe you caved you just abandon
your whole belief system before I didn't
agree with you but at least I respected
you how are you gonna go into work
tomorrow
Oh how are you going to face the other
science guys hell how are you going to
face yourself
that was fun